Q1. What is the purpose of Python's OOP?

	Opps makes the progamming logic more systematic with various properties such as class, object, Inheritance, Polymorphism and encapsulation etc.

Q2. Where does an inheritance search look for an attribute?
	Atribute fetches are like tree search that happens from bottom to top checking for the lowest occurence of an attribute

Q3. How do you distinguish between a class object and an instance object?
	A class is a template for creating objects in a program, whereas the object is an instance of a class.
	eg: class can be blue print of a object
Q4. What makes the first argument in a class’s method function special?
	The instance object is passed as the first argument of the function in a class, in python it is called self.

Q5. What is the purpose of the init method?
	init is also called as constructor which is a method used to initialize the attributes of the class.

Q6. What is the process for creating a class instance?
	By creating a object we can create a instance of a class.
	eg :
	p = Person("navaneeth", 23) # assuming we had created a class named Person()

Q7. What is the process for creating a class?
	
	class Person:
  	def __init__(self, name, age):
    	self.name = name
    	self.age = age

p = Person("navaneeth", 23)

as shown in the example we use the keywod class to create a class.

Q8. How would you define the superclasses of a class?

	superclass is a class from which one or more child class is derived.

Q9. What is the relationship between classes and modules?
	
	 A class which is under a module cannot be used unless the module is imported used. a module can have multiple classes defined undr it.

Q10. How do you make instances and classes?
	1 define a class 
	2 call the class from main 
eg:
	class Person:
  	def __init__(self, name, age):
    	self.name = name
    	self.age = age

p = Person("navaneeth", 23)

Q11. Where and how should be class attributes created?
	Any variable that is bound in a class is a class attribute, so it is created inside a defined class
eg:
	Class Car:
		type="SUV"


Q12. Where and how are instance attributes created?
	
	     class Car:

    		def __init__(self, seats, color):
        		self.seats = seats
        		self.color = color

Q13. What does the term "self" in a Python class mean?
	The self parameter is a reference to the current instance of the class, and is used to access variables that belongs to the class
Q14. How does a Python class handle operator overloading?
Q15. When do you consider allowing operator overloading of your classes?
Q16. What is the most popular form of operator overloading?

Q17. What are the two most important concepts to grasp in order to comprehend Python OOP code?
	 Inheritance and Polymorphism are the two concepts

Q18. Describe three applications for exception processing.

1 helps to run the code even in case of small errors
2 help to trouble shoot fater in case of error
3 we can set diffrernt process eg: user altert in case of any error.

Q19. What happens if you don't do something extra to treat an exception?

	The program will get teminated without proper error handling.

Q20. What are your options for recovering from an exception in your script?
	

Q21. Describe two methods for triggering exceptions in your script.

	try/except or  we can also use the combination of try/finally

Q22. Identify two methods for specifying actions to be executed at termination time, regardless of whether or not an exception exists.
	try/finally can be used in the given scenario.

Q23. What is the purpose of the try statement?
	Try statement will try to execute the program under it and if there is any error, it will be carried out to the exception part.

Q24. What are the two most popular try statement variations?
	
	In python it can be Try/except and try/finally

Q25. What is the purpose of the raise statement?

		raise keyword is used to raise an exception in certain condition

Q26. What does the assert statement do, and what other statement is it like?

	assert statements are boolean expressions that check if the conditions return true or not, if not true it will raise a AssertionError.
	

Q27. What is the purpose of the with/as argument, and what other statement is it like?

Q28. What are *args, **kwargs?
	*args is used to pass variable number of non keyword arguments to a function
       *kargs is used to pass variable number of keyword arguments to a function

Q29. How can I pass optional or keyword parameters from one function to another?
	it can be done using * and ** in the function parameter.

Q30. What are Lambda Functions?
Python Lambda Functions are a single line anonymous function means that the function is without a name.

Q31. Explain Inheritance in Python with an example?
Class Person:
           {
	}
        Class Indian(Person):
           {
	}
Here the indian class will inherit the features of the parent class which is person, this help us to reduce the number of code.


Q32. Suppose class C inherits from classes A and B as class C(A,B).Classes A and B both have their own versions of method func(). If we call func() from an object of class C, which version gets invoked?
	
	In the above case the func() from A will be considered because the order is given ad c(a,b).

Q33. Which methods/functions do we use to determine the type of instance and inheritance?
	We can use isinstance() to check if an object is an instance of a class. and issubclass() to check if a class is a subclass of another class.

Q34.Explain the use of the 'nonlocal' keyword in Python.
	The nonlocal keyword is used to work with variables inside nested functions, where the variable should not belong to the inner function.

Q35. What is the global keyword?
	if we define a variable with global keyword then the scope of that varible will become global.